Gwenevere Abriel: I can see your name waiting for video and audio to come online hopefully that'll kick in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not sure if you can hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So far we have your name only, no video. No Audio waiting for video and audio to come online.
Rochelle Martinez: Are you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Now, I hear you.
Rochelle Martinez: Know what's going
Rochelle Martinez: On with my I don't know what's going on with my internet but I bought my phone yesterday morning.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, not letting me like
Rochelle Martinez: do much of anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well so far. All I did was take a while to kind of have audio turn on.
Gwenevere Abriel: hit Start video and see if it comes online as well.
Rochelle Martinez: I thought I'm ready for it wouldn't let me
Rochelle Martinez: I wasn't yelling at me I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I was making. I was
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't you. Okay, so we just need to turn it flipped the video from backyard to your face and then we're good. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Rochelle Martinez: Getting them some mom.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I don't know, yesterday we had
Rochelle Martinez: A bad hailstorm and Otter Northam mess with one of the TV show my over
Rochelle Martinez: I, I literally had last night, I had to. I got on zoom to do my UAE and
Rochelle Martinez: I told him I had it and then I kept losing video I can move the video. And so I had to drive to my mom because I didn't want them to think that I was playing games with them or something special to us. You know what I mean.
Rochelle Martinez: I have to drive to my mom's and
Rochelle Martinez: Get it done over there to send
Rochelle Martinez: A man.
Rochelle Martinez: Are you ready, Brooklyn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Caught you and all the kids are up, you're going to be able to pull off you think
Rochelle Martinez: We can try.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see. Let's give it a try.
Goes
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you guys miss out when you have, you know, when you're stuck in the car when you have these these pieces with the kids. We just can't do any of the
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, more psychodynamic approaches, but let me just check in with you and see how you're doing. Now, last time we met you had, I think, a tired feeling tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: This month, and for you.
Rochelle Martinez: And it's been a little bit better but um I've just had this real bad they're stupid already picking my book with last
Rochelle Martinez: Couple of days, it's like everything I want my mother so swollen there. I'm like, even read any of it after image after this very within a couple days.
Rochelle Martinez: And they usually just come and go, but I had trouble even seen us and I told him I need to just so at and I just been doing the beginning of the week kind of start
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah and now in looking at some of the context of what's going on in your life, what, what
Gwenevere Abriel: What has changed even slightly over this last few weeks.
Rochelle Martinez: I can't think of anything that they really even change like
Rochelle Martinez: Nothing at all like them. I'm still going for a walk and doing all my stuff but like
Rochelle Martinez: Mentally, like I haven't had like
Rochelle Martinez: Any changes like
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no additional stressors no additional pressure to do things. No, no additional responsibilities.
Rochelle Martinez: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe a little bit about talking about the dynamics.
Rochelle Martinez: Between
Gwenevere Abriel: You and your daughter may be checking in on that that kind of comes in waves last time there was an experience. It didn't last very long. But there was a sense of, let me see who
Gwenevere Abriel: Daughter and I had a thing this weekend. She needed the car and client had already left
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know who said, you're just being selfish told daughter. You knew I was going to do this right, I will talk to you when I get home. Have a nice weekend. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting better at this. Not making assumptions still have trouble asking question expressing what I want to bite my lip and walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so you I've got your name back. I just don't have audio waiting for that to come back online.
Rochelle Martinez: I have the audio on but if I leave the video on that. It's just going to keep doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can hear him so just want to check in on on you know you had said this piece I'm not afraid of confrontation, just some days I don't want confrontation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of want to see how communication is going with your daughter. If there's anything that we could do in here that I could be of service, whether it's role play come up with kind of ways to communicate to do anything.
Rochelle Martinez: Well, like she has a she's, she's going through her own little issues right now she's going through a breakup and um
Rochelle Martinez: And this guy had been together for almost two years and I don't know what happened. She hasn't said anything again want to thank me. So she's going to break up and
Rochelle Martinez: You could see that, um, it's affecting her
Rochelle Martinez: And she's just been real quiet and they some
Rochelle Martinez: I don't want to
Rochelle Martinez: Say depressed because I'm not in her head. Do you know what I mean, but
Rochelle Martinez: You can tell she's having problems with it and it hasn't affected.
Rochelle Martinez: How we communicate yet.
Rochelle Martinez: But I'm
Rochelle Martinez: Hurting and her and I'm my cousin, where else this last weekend on Friday. And they went for a drive and they hit a deer.
Rochelle Martinez: And the friend end of the car got
Rochelle Martinez: messed up. It's not too bad. But today, she has to go meet with insurance and taking drop off the car and pick up a rental and
Rochelle Martinez: Stuff like that. Um,
Rochelle Martinez: But
Rochelle Martinez: Like I try to be try to be there for her. And I talked to her about
Rochelle Martinez: what she's going to do and
Rochelle Martinez: I guess on her own time show feel comfortable talking to me about it. But right now, she's not doing much of anything.
Rochelle Martinez: This is going to drive me crazy going in and out of the video of you. Um, but yeah. Other
Rochelle Martinez: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Rochelle Martinez: I don't, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't sound like
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not. You're not saying you have concerns about communication with your daughter.
Rochelle Martinez: No, I don't. I, I feel like to talk about it and it's just
Rochelle Martinez: Like right now, I'm giving her like be good. I'm
Rochelle Martinez: Trying to figure it out. You know what I mean with Tommy invading her private
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I had introduced to this book to you. The Four Agreements, did you decide to kind of investigate it further.
Rochelle Martinez: I did and I had my mom ordered it she hasn't said if you got it in yet. I had even forgot about it. I'm going to turn all that we get off and
Rochelle Martinez: She's got in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no
Gwenevere Abriel: Recent triggers. I'm assuming you're not right. Those the progress that you've made over these years continues to be solid, it doesn't come up under stressors that you're you're thinking of using. Is that right,
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, that's for sure. I, I
Rochelle Martinez: I think I have like I'm worried because I was even talking to like my mom and them about it this weekend for Mother's Day, um,
Rochelle Martinez: I don't know what brought it up, and I, I, we just were like talking about my recovery. You know the mean and I was a good it feels good this time at all, not to
Rochelle Martinez: Still be creating those drugs like fun. Recent times that I relapse, or somebody told me like from all those are the times I still wanted the drugs you know me, like the back of my head I was
Rochelle Martinez: Trying to figure out a way to still use close to being clean. They'd be like, Oh, well I could get high now and
Rochelle Martinez: By next week, I'll be good. You know what I mean. And like that kind of stuff. Hasn't like crossed my mind or even when thinking about it like them.
Rochelle Martinez: I feel like them over that part because I don't want that high anymore.
Rochelle Martinez: So it's a good it's a
Rochelle Martinez: It's a different now than it was in the past. I'm not taking the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that must make you feel or imagined it makes you feel confident like that you'll be able to do this long term, you'll be able to do this life.
Gwenevere Abriel: As life happens not having to use that concept of crutch right not having to lean on something else for your life.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, and not just competent makes me feel like stronger like
Rochelle Martinez: I could say no. Now, and and it's with your guys's help because I've never
Rochelle Martinez: Done recovery and how to program to have my best. You know what I mean, it was always just
Rochelle Martinez: Here, just the box and I'll see you in a month. So like
Rochelle Martinez: I mean I seem like much worse that I have done with you.
Rochelle Martinez: But
Rochelle Martinez: I see it as a lot of work, because I'm so hard to get to, and even the little bit that I do get through has just helped so much
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's true. Rochelle I do struggle with wondering whether I've been of service that you've, you've been able to show me through
Gwenevere Abriel: The way your relationships with your family has changed with how open and honest, you are with people, the fact that you've gone out and tested. Some of these theories of yours right who went to an a meeting or two. We did some sort of progressive sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: exposure therapy around this notion of your ex coming back into your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you've done. You've done some things that I think really evidence that evidence that you have put into place into action. The things that the therapy has to offer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've tested yourself you know you've had Xanax in the car you've right I'm assuming you've had people offer you a pill. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And was it hard to say no, it was it like, no way.
Rochelle Martinez: I didn't even think twice about it like before they said I would put it in my pocket and save it for a bad day and not now it's like I don't even want that around.
Rochelle Martinez: At all. So my I feel like stronger that way and
Rochelle Martinez: Just
Rochelle Martinez: It will say no, I've always struggled seeing know like
Rochelle Martinez: I wasn't confident. I guess with myself.
Rochelle Martinez: And I had
Rochelle Martinez: Probably I was probably SELF CLEANSING how we say it because I couldn't tell if people know even at the beginning when we first started I can even tell my brother know when it came to the kids there. I mean, I just
Rochelle Martinez: I would just, okay, I would just take them bring them bring them bring them. I always had a trouble telling other people know and and
Rochelle Martinez: Now, I don't. I say, no, I need even with my mom and the baby like I know she's had a hard week at work, but share. I've had a hard three weeks because I've had the baby all by myself and I just need
Rochelle Martinez: A weekend to myself and I just go drop her off. I don't even ask them like scared scared turn mom like, I'm not struggling with that anymore and
Rochelle Martinez: Like I say, just every everything that you guys have
Rochelle Martinez: Said,
Rochelle Martinez: I may not have said much but I took it all in. And I'm I've learned and I'm so grateful for this program at all completely
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it does. It does come as a surprise because because you're sort of a woman. A few words, it's harder for us to measure right it's hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we were stuck with words. We can't see all the times that you've been able to set boundaries. So it's helpful that you're saying this right now. It really is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm glad I'm really, I'm thrilled.
Gwenevere Abriel: It what it says to me is, even though I I may not be able to hear you know right away how somebody being impacted over time it can make a difference. So I've just got to kind of hang in there. You know what I mean, I, I've gotta hang in there too.
Rochelle Martinez: I think it's this
Rochelle Martinez: Is my persona like I've never, I've never. It's not that I don't have somebody to talk to. It's just everybody's always so busy with their own like that.
Rochelle Martinez: I just, I'm just used to not talking about what's going on in my life. You know what I mean, it just
Rochelle Martinez: It just builds up and
Rochelle Martinez: That's just
Rochelle Martinez: That's just how I become it's hard for me to open up
Rochelle Martinez: To anybody like relationship wise like
Rochelle Martinez: My grandma's probably the only person I could tell anything to and I don't feel judged. I don't bill. My mom to but not as much as my grandma, but like I could literally sit there and talk to my babble about anything. And I'm not good at not
Rochelle Martinez: Show this listen and then she'll put her two cents in at the end. But yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does make me wonder though sometimes when I asked about communication because because you don't provide a lot of what I would call material.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you won't come in and say, Oh my gosh, my mom's off the chain or oh my gosh my daughter's you know she's, she's just ridiculous. Like, you don't get it because you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of content. I don't know whether we've missed opportunities for reviewing really helpful communication skills. I have no idea. But if you're saying that like along the way you
Gwenevere Abriel: role plays and things that are done and you're absorbing them and maybe along the way you've picked up on some of the little tricks. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you think besides right the assertiveness of setting limits and boundaries with your, your know you know only giving what you have to give without any kind of resentment give what you have to give. And that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Aside from that boundary setting, where are you noticing the way you communicate, maybe with your daughter. For example, how it has changed.
Rochelle Martinez: Ah,
Rochelle Martinez: More that I'm learning how to
Rochelle Martinez: How to
Rochelle Martinez: respect her boundaries and because she is. She's going to be 20 this year, and she's not a little girl, the more and I have to
Rochelle Martinez: Learn those boundaries. You know what I mean. And like going like now with this breakup.
Rochelle Martinez: I could be there to listen and to offer advice.
Rochelle Martinez: When she is ready. I'm not pushing her to
To
Rochelle Martinez: To talk about it. I don't know how to. I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's a boundary Rochelle That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting you know, instead of pressing your agenda and you sort of saying, Well, you look like somebody who needs to talk and then saying. Talk to me. Talk to me. Talk to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're giving her the space to recognize in herself that she wants to talk it through. And that is a boundary. That's recognizing someone else's
Gwenevere Abriel: And and that is generous of you. A lot of parents have a hard time with that they want to rescue fix their children and they don't sort of let their children learn on their own.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their own sense of efficacy, agency and you're doing that, you're letting her on her terms come to you when she's ready
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a boundary
Rochelle Martinez: And I'm not
Rochelle Martinez: I'm not telling her like II.
Rochelle Martinez: Ii Ii told me he was a piece of shared or
Rochelle Martinez: All that
Rochelle Martinez: Kind of stuff, you know, I mean, I'm kind of just like respecting her
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: So yeah, but um
Rochelle Martinez: Our, our relationship. It's always been difficult because of them.
Rochelle Martinez: I wasn't there when she needed me and that was mostly her teenagers. Do you have a means for sheet from 12 until 1516 years old and I think it was about 15 so during those years we grew a lot of she grew a lot of resentment.
Rochelle Martinez: Because she didn't have me to go to during those problems and it was always my grandma, my grandma has always been there for all of us. You know what I mean. So
Rochelle Martinez: She we worked through a lot of it.
Rochelle Martinez: And she sees the change me and
Rochelle Martinez: I think she appreciates me a lot more. Now, especially with the baby didn't really mean. Then she did a whole year and a half ago because I not only picking her responsibilities and made their mind, but um
Rochelle Martinez: I've also been there for her, like, emotionally, not just
Rochelle Martinez: For the baby. Do you know what I mean, like, I'm she knows that I'm just a phone call away now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's very powerful Michelle what you're doing. That's important.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, and they even if she's having a bad night or whatever, she'll pick that 11 1130 mom. What are you doing, and before we didn't have that it was just
Rochelle Martinez: I talked to her when I see her. Do you know what I mean. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one of the pieces that we were doing a little bit of work around had to do with the notion of you trusting again in a romantic relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: I still have it in my mind that it's something that
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I and I could I could really be wrong and I leave a lot of room that I could be wrong, but I just wonder if it's easier for you to stay focused on the baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just wonder if still in the background sort of maybe even unconscious. If you're saying to yourself. I'm not strong enough. I'm not ready. I can't do it. Like, I wonder if you have thoughts like that in the background of your mind.
Rochelle Martinez: In the back of my mind. It's not that I'm not strong enough. I think it's, I'm not ready to quit put it, what is running to the back of my mind, I'm not ready like
Rochelle Martinez: Like the ICL like inside like I'm right now I'm building the relationship with my daughter with the baby and Michael, my family back up again. And at this time, I'm not ready for to add another relationship to my life right now and
Rochelle Martinez: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, so
Rochelle Martinez: I think a lot. I think a lot of it is that I I'm satisfied with what's going on right now. Do you know what I mean that I'm not looking for lover relationship like I was before. Like I have all that love here and right now. That's all I need like to fulfill myself and
Rochelle Martinez: I know I'm not like lonely or or anything like that like
Rochelle Martinez: I don't know, it's just like a whole nother feeling
Rochelle Martinez: And then
Rochelle Martinez: Just being sobered. You know what I mean. And
Rochelle Martinez: And learning how to live life all over again. And it's just like a whole nother homocysteine
Rochelle Martinez: Something that I'm getting used to. And I would just be true and
Rochelle Martinez: I'm not afraid. No, I just don't think I'm ready yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We might be saying the same thing. So part of what could be handy is while you have me
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, while you're here in this program that we take advantage of all that we can that we cover as many topics as many domains of life we touch on each of them, whether it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. At first it was a little bit around vocation and we played around with a degree idea or going back to school or a train. We played without a little bit. We played a little bit with going into a background of trauma history touched on that a little
Gwenevere Abriel: And a little bit about a sort of communication and boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you could say, let's just take that word ready, just so that I have a better understanding of your, your definition of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you look like
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter. The time just a random time five years from now, just random. What would you look like if you were ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: To today.
Rochelle Martinez: What would I look like
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't mean eyes. I mean, what would you be doing like define ready. You see what I'm doing, like, how do you
Rochelle Martinez: Define define ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you be doing, what would you look like. What would be different. What would be there in your life that you would say, oh, I'm ready.
Rochelle Martinez: I think
Rochelle Martinez: If I'm
Rochelle Martinez: If my sobriety is going great. You know what I mean. And I'm them already are doing half years.
Rochelle Martinez: Five years and
Rochelle Martinez: My life is just, I'm sober and I could put into a relationship where I expect to get out of it and
Rochelle Martinez: And being able to put like my whole heart into it and
Rochelle Martinez: I don't know. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but do you see what taking a minute to define
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm not ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're saying, oh, it's not fear. I'm certainly hearing indeed I'm satisfied that and I'm not pushing it. What I'm doing is trying to say. While we're here together the unconscious is a very tricky thing, it will come up with justifications.
Gwenevere Abriel: That seems absolutely true, because you are satisfied. You're getting all the love you need right now that's actually true. Right. That's true, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I am pressing in, to understand what ready would look like.
Rochelle Martinez: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You said clean
Gwenevere Abriel: You said great sobriety. Now, I don't know how you measure. Great. I don't know. Cuz, aren't you great right now.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I'm great. I'm great. Now,
Rochelle Martinez: I guess what I mean by that is, like, I've had
Rochelle Martinez: I've had years of sobriety before
Rochelle Martinez: But I've always relapse in between those. You know what I mean. And I guess what I meant by great is me not relaxing and
Rochelle Martinez: Just building on
Rochelle Martinez: On things over. Do you know what I mean, like,
Rochelle Martinez: Like I could look five years and be like, Damn, I'm eight and a half years. I haven't gotten used one and
Rochelle Martinez: I'm ready now. Do you notice any night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me just
Gwenevere Abriel: Say right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is what you're saying to me when I want to be. Oh, f f Suboxone for three years when I want to be off Suboxone for five years and then when I say to my say of hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am able to be clean and not relapse. Now I can give to another in a romantic relationship. What I expect back I can give my sober living my lifestyle. I have confidence that I will be able to stay clean you see you and I just did. I'm wondering if there's magic.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if there's magic numbers in your head, and if it has to do with that you're not. Oh, f f the Suboxone right now. I can't quite tell what it is that will constitute great sobriety. If it's a duration or if it's all the way off everything I have no idea.
Rochelle Martinez: I don't know, because I
Rochelle Martinez: Is good to get is getting off. I guess what's really in the back of my mind is, yeah, I'm on 1.75 milligrams, or whatever. And that may not seem like a lot, but like
Rochelle Martinez: Pain wise. That's what's keeping me
Rochelle Martinez: Somewhat I'm
Rochelle Martinez: Not paying three books I'm able to manage the pain. You know what I mean. So I don't I'm having
Rochelle Martinez: Not second thoughts, but I'm having trouble in my mind.
Rochelle Martinez: thinking, how am I going to manage the pain when I'm completely off because it's already kicking my ass.
Rochelle Martinez: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay there for a second. That's a great. That's great. So
Rochelle Martinez: Let me get. Let me get the baby real quick.
Rochelle Martinez: I'm listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna wait till you go do that. Look online at something
Rochelle Martinez: God please pick up these blueberries digital them or did you
Rochelle Martinez: Come on, help me out here. I don't want her to step on them pick him up.
Rochelle Martinez: I didn't have a clue was please pick it up.
Rochelle Martinez: Do it. I'm not gonna say it again.
Rochelle Martinez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the thing is that I know you've already tried, you just, just tell me you've tried steroid medication, you've tried hot, cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Presses tried
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you tied. I'm seeing something about the you know that Vegas nerve stimulation. Has that ever been explored.
Rochelle Martinez: Like it hasn't and they the only thing that's been like really talked about between a doctor is
Rochelle Martinez: Completely getting off the the embroil and switching to a whole new medicine that was discussing on February gave me the confidence to see if
Rochelle Martinez: That other one would be if I'd be interested in moving from Ambrose to the other ones to see if I find more results get better results with it.
Rochelle Martinez: Because I'm I shouldn't be getting as much as flare ups as I'm getting I'm getting them like sometimes two, three times a month and they're lasting more than three, four days like this one that I've had now has been since Tuesday of last week and like I've even
Rochelle Martinez: I've added walking every evening for almost the whole hour and a half, and like I
Rochelle Martinez: Doing yoga, not much yoga, but the stretches every morning like just trying trying like to add a physical every
Rochelle Martinez: Day.
Rochelle Martinez: Even like
Rochelle Martinez: Eating
Rochelle Martinez: For breakfast to have a protein shake.
Rochelle Martinez: For lunch. And then I just
Rochelle Martinez: Smaller me not because of the IRA, but it changes in
Rochelle Martinez: What I'm doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I can't hear you. I'm hoping I'll be able to hear you again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I hear you. Let me see if I got audio back
Rochelle Martinez: I said,
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I'm
Like
Rochelle Martinez: Changes like
Rochelle Martinez: I'm I'm trying everything that I
Rochelle Martinez: Could think of at the time. Yeah, and
Rochelle Martinez: Operating new stuff into my life to try to better it and
Rochelle Martinez: Hopefully, get this RA, a little bit under control, because it's it's stuck. Having to um be limited. You know what I mean there's with these flare up to say
Rochelle Martinez: I can't do much on my feet like I tried watching last night and I just, I couldn't do it. My, my toes and the bottom of my my joints were just look for and that it was just so painful squawk
Rochelle Martinez: dreamy slept, you know, I mean, and it just felt, and I guess in the back of my mind, I'm thinking, What would I do without the Suboxone. Do you know what I mean, like,
Rochelle Martinez: I'm doing Tylenol and doing everything else. Am I really going to need to be on Suboxone long term to deal with the pain like I guess those are the questions that are running through my mind. You know what I mean, they
Rochelle Martinez: Don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think those are very relevant, especially at this phase of your treatment really trying to understand whether you and I think it's going to be a slow learned experience where let's say you and your physician decide, okay, we want to find out how
Gwenevere Abriel: How you feel physically how you meet that pain. What beliefs you have if you have catastrophic thinking right if you dip into that, like, Oh, I can feel it this pain is so awful. Or if you're using things like
Gwenevere Abriel: Radical acceptance that this is you're going to have pain to right to be human is to have pain, but are you adding suffering and again only, you know, Rochelle where that line is
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what you do with the thinking part to find out if coming off completely. We might really be able to see if there's any
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the call that sort of that closed loop that might be happening where the pain might still be in that that signaling. That's not actually from the toes, for example, that might not be coming from the joint anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: really being able to distinguish which is just this old on neurological
Gwenevere Abriel: Closed loop that's happening, what is a an actual right new injury or what you would say as the flare up now again.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is very personal. This is you, and your relationship with pain and no one can know that but you and I don't want to minimize how important it is that you be ready that you be interested in finding out. So at this point, let's just take what you have right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The pain.
Rochelle Martinez: I think I need to just, I think I need to switch
Rochelle Martinez: My, my groups and go start doing you with us and you and Dr. Bill, because, like, I'm not getting like that kind of
Rochelle Martinez: Like even having like those kind of talks or anything like that with Dr. Elements. You know what I mean, like, it's just
Rochelle Martinez: I don't feel like not comfortable, but I do not, I don't know, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Well you know I want you back. I want you back. Do you want to write down the groups again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so let me know when you got pin.
Rochelle Martinez: I got a pen and paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Mondays.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm only going to mention the ones. Now you have. Here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to be just with the ones with Dr Arielle and I write those the ones you want to hear about
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have Monday at one
Gwenevere Abriel: You stay at 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: And we have a new one, which is Tuesday at noon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then Thursday at 11
Rochelle Martinez: What was the one after Tuesday I couldn't hear you.
Rochelle Martinez: I'm gonna have to
Rochelle Martinez: Probably do the seven and make them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be great
Rochelle Martinez: I'm gonna have to figure it out. I'll figure it yeah I'll figure it out.
Rochelle Martinez: I'm supposed to have group tomorrow if you go system.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Rochelle Martinez: To have group tomorrow.
Rochelle Martinez: I know I'm supposed to have group tomorrow, but I'm thinking of all just not go to group and then show up on Tuesday at 7am and deal with you and Dr. Brown.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have enough medicine to get you to May 19 at least
Gwenevere Abriel: That's nice. Okay, I'm just going to write you down in here. And when I see the doc. I'm going to see her today at noon. I'm just going to love.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to expect you may 19 7am putting Rochelle down here and I'll mention that to her. Um, is there anything else you um you want me to talk to her about in preparation for that discussion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you want to just have it organically happen.
Rochelle Martinez: I'm gonna have to go to
Rochelle Martinez: Look online and look at this way and see if I could order a internet block and see what I could do to because I don't know what's going on here. Um, yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, Michelle, you shared a lot today actually did it feel like that. Did it feel like you were kind of chatty Cathy
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, it was nice to hear you actually was nice to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, to be let in into your mind and to know how how your thoughts are. Is it feels like a privilege to be let in. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think more
Gwenevere Abriel: I think more investigation into this concept of I'm not ready to add a relationship. So I would like to set at some point, a goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of defining if you're open to it to defining what ready would look like. Specifically, what does putting my whole heart into a relationship look like what does what what I expect to get back into ship. And what does great sobriety look like are you open to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And like maybe also looking at
Gwenevere Abriel: Specifically meeting pain in a pain management goal really we're doing some interventions, specifically the doctor physically with many
Gwenevere Abriel: Around meeting the pain. What you do in your mind. What you do physically when you are literally making contact with that pain. And that's kind of that only will we stuff, but I think it might have a positive impact are those things we could work on over the next
Rochelle Martinez: Year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or out alright so I wrote down next Tuesday. And then for us.
Rochelle Martinez: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Could we need June's a little, little, little, little
Gwenevere Abriel: We need June.
Certain you
Rochelle Martinez: Do we have something that we could do at seven because they're
Rochelle Martinez: Usually not up at seven.
Rochelle Martinez: Eight o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noon my little June 4
Gwenevere Abriel: The fourth is a Thursday at seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a pretty right now for some reason. That's a really hot time I guess people are, you know, before the kids are before work. I may have someone kind of on call or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go take care
Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You bet. All right, bye.
Bye.